Xiao Qiao is like this
This time I'm here on behalf of the leader and would like to ask you a favor
Ashamed to help?
The Empress practices privately
They all escaped from the scenic spot
Took away one of our colleagues
We searched all night and couldn't find it.
If you're willing to help us find him
Our leader would like to offer you a Christmas.
Christmas pair
As a holy pill
As revenge
The holy pill is a big subsidy for enhancing the spiritual energy.
Yesterday's aura
more
What Reiki?
Reiki is
Well, nothing, nothing.
I'll take this job
When are you going?
Take a look at his things first.
See if you can find some clues
Over there at the abandoned factory on Yulin Street
OK, so let's go.
Hmm ok oops
What's wrong with you, Mr. Shen?
Is it okay to be uncomfortable?
Do you want to go to the hospital?
Ah.
Aren't you going to work with the team?
No, you are the most important thing.
Huang Niang is not there
You put this at the factory gate.
The Fa-rectification is broken, let's go
OK
Ouch.
How are you doing?
Drink too much and tell lies
Want a divorce?